README.md, before:

# ❌ No-as-a-Service

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hotheadhacker/no-as-a-service/main/assets/imgs/naas-with-no-logo-bunny.png" width="800" alt="No-as-a-Service Banner" width="70%"/>
</p>


Ever needed a graceful way to say “no”?  
This tiny API returns random, generic, creative, and sometimes hilarious rejection reasons — perfectly suited for any scenario: personal, professional, student life, dev life, or just because.

Built for humans, excuses, and humor.

<!-- GitAds Sponsorship Badge -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/">
    <img src="https://gitads.dev/assets/images/sponsor/camos/camo-3.png" alt="Sponsored by GitAds" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This project is <strong>sponsored by <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/docs/getting-started/publishers">GitAds</a></strong>.<br>
  You can get your GitHub repository sponsored too — <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/docs/getting-started/publishers">create your account now</a>.
</p>

---

## 🚀 API Usage

**Base URL**
```
https://naas.isalman.dev/no
```

**Method:** `GET`  
**Rate Limit:** `120 requests per minute per IP`

### 🔄 Example Request
```http
GET /no
```

### ✅ Example Response
```json
{
  "reason": "This feels like something Future Me would yell at Present Me for agreeing to."
}
```

Use it in apps, bots, landing pages, Slack integrations, rejection letters, or wherever you need a polite (or witty) no.

---

## 🛠️ Self-Hosting

Want to run it yourself? It’s lightweight and simple.

### 1. Clone this repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/hotheadhacker/no-as-a-service.git
cd no-as-a-service
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Start the server
```bash
npm start
```

The API will be live at:
```
http://localhost:3000/no
```

You can also change the port using an environment variable:
```bash
PORT=5000 npm start
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
no-as-service/
├── index.js            # Express API
├── reasons.json        # 1000+ universal rejection reasons
├── package.json
├── .devcontainer.json  # VS Code / Github devcontainer setup
└── README.md
```

---

## 📦 package.json

For reference, here’s the package config:

```json
{
  "name": "no-as-service",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "A lightweight API that returns random rejection or no reasons.",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "start": "node index.js"
  },
  "author": "hotheadhacker",
  "license": "MIT",
  "dependencies": {
    "express": "^4.18.2",
    "express-rate-limit": "^7.0.0"
  }
}
```

---

## ⚓ Devcontainer

If you open this repo in Github Codespaces, it will automatically use `.devcontainer.json` to set up your environment.  If you open it in VSCode, it will ask you if you want to reopen it in a container.

---
## Projects Using No-as-a-Service

Here are some projects and websites that creatively integrate [no-as-a-service](https://naas.isalman.dev/no) to deliver humorous or programmatic "no" responses:

1. **[no-as-a-service-rust](https://github.com/ZAZPRO/no-as-a-service-rust)**  
   Rust implementation of this project.

2. **[CSG Admins](https://csg-admins.de)**  
   A system administration and gaming service hub using no-as-a-service to provide playful negative responses across some admin panels and commands.

3. **[FunnyAnswers - /no endpoint](https://www.funnyanswers.lol/no)**  
   A humor-focused API playground that includes a mirror or wrapper for no-as-a-service, perfect for developers exploring fun HTTP-based responses.

4. **[Gerador de Frases Aleatórias (pt-BR)](https://github.com/timeuz/frases-aleatorias)**
   Uma reinterpretação em Python com frases em português, frontend e novas categorias.

5. **[NoAsAnApp](https://github.com/omar-jarid/NoAsAnApp)**  
   A simple native Android app calling no-as-a-service to provide negative responses.

6. **[Your Project Here?](https://github.com/YOUR_REPO)**  
   If you're using no-as-a-service in your project, open a pull request to be featured here!

---

> Want to use no-as-a-service in your own project? Check out the usage section in this README and start returning **"no"** like a pro.
---

## 👤 Author

Created with creative stubbornness by [hotheadhacker](https://github.com/hotheadhacker)

---

## 📄 License

MIT — do whatever, just don’t say yes when you should say no.

Commit message:

Revise README for Vercel deployment and API URL
Updated self-hosting instructions and base URL.

README.md, after:

# ❌ No-as-a-Service

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hotheadhacker/no-as-a-service/main/assets/imgs/naas-with-no-logo-bunny.png" width="800" alt="No-as-a-Service Banner" width="70%"/>
</p>


Ever needed a graceful way to say “no”?  
This tiny API returns random, generic, creative, and sometimes hilarious rejection reasons — perfectly suited for any scenario: personal, professional, student life, dev life, or just because.

Built for humans, excuses, and humor.

<!-- GitAds Sponsorship Badge -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/">
    <img src="https://gitads.dev/assets/images/sponsor/camos/camo-3.png" alt="Sponsored by GitAds" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This project is <strong>sponsored by <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/docs/getting-started/publishers">GitAds</a></strong>.<br>
  You can get your GitHub repository sponsored too — <a href="https://docs.gitads.dev/docs/getting-started/publishers">create your account now</a>.
</p>

---

## 🚀 API Usage

**Base URL**
```
https://noasaservice.vercel.app/no
```

**Method:** `GET`  
**Rate Limit:** `120 requests per minute per IP`

### 🔄 Example Request
```http
GET /no
```

### ✅ Example Response
```json
{
  "reason": "This feels like something Future Me would yell at Present Me for agreeing to."
}
```

Use it in apps, bots, landing pages, Slack integrations, rejection letters, or wherever you need a polite (or witty) no.

---

## 🛠️ Deploy yourself on Vercel

Want to run it yourself? Just click the button below.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/theitaliandeveloper/no-as-a-service-vercel)

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
no-as-service-vercel/
├── api/index.js            # Express API
├── reasons.json        # 1000+ universal rejection reasons
├── package.json
├── .devcontainer.json  # VS Code / Github devcontainer setup
└── README.md
```

---

## 📦 package.json

For reference, here’s the package config:

```json
{
  "name": "no-as-service",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "A lightweight API that returns random rejection or no reasons.",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "start": "node index.js"
  },
  "author": "hotheadhacker",
  "license": "MIT",
  "dependencies": {
    "express": "^4.18.2",
    "express-rate-limit": "^7.0.0"
  }
}
```

---

## ⚓ Devcontainer

If you open this repo in Github Codespaces, it will automatically use `.devcontainer.json` to set up your environment.  If you open it in VSCode, it will ask you if you want to reopen it in a container.

---
## Projects Using No-as-a-Service

Here are some projects and websites that creatively integrate [no-as-a-service](https://naas.isalman.dev/no) to deliver humorous or programmatic "no" responses:

1. **[no-as-a-service-rust](https://github.com/ZAZPRO/no-as-a-service-rust)**  
   Rust implementation of this project.

2. **[CSG Admins](https://csg-admins.de)**  
   A system administration and gaming service hub using no-as-a-service to provide playful negative responses across some admin panels and commands.

3. **[FunnyAnswers - /no endpoint](https://www.funnyanswers.lol/no)**  
   A humor-focused API playground that includes a mirror or wrapper for no-as-a-service, perfect for developers exploring fun HTTP-based responses.

4. **[Gerador de Frases Aleatórias (pt-BR)](https://github.com/timeuz/frases-aleatorias)**
   Uma reinterpretação em Python com frases em português, frontend e novas categorias.

5. **[NoAsAnApp](https://github.com/omar-jarid/NoAsAnApp)**  
   A simple native Android app calling no-as-a-service to provide negative responses.

6. **[Your Project Here?](https://github.com/YOUR_REPO)**  
   If you're using no-as-a-service in your project, open a pull request to be featured here!

---

> Want to use no-as-a-service in your own project? Check out the usage section in this README and start returning **"no"** like a pro.
---

## 👤 Author

Created with creative stubbornness by [hotheadhacker](https://github.com/hotheadhacker)

---

## 📄 License

MIT — do whatever, just don’t say yes when you should say no.
